README.md, before:

# DevGate React Template


## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) > v16 .
- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/) > v1.22.10, or [Npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) > v8.

### Installation of React

```bash
npx --yes create-react-app@latest my-app 
```

### Cloning of the React template repository

**Paste this command in the terminal of your IDE**

```bash
git clone https://gitlab.intra.infineon.com/ifx/devgate/devgate-dev/react-template.git
```

### Installation of the React template 

**1. Open your React application**

**2. Open terminal, and run the following command**

```bash
npm install <template-path>
```
**Note** 
The template path would look something like this: 

```bash
C:\Users\Name\Desktop\folder\react_template\react-template
```

### Invocation of the React template 

**After the Template has been installed, run the following command in the terminal to invoke the template**

```bash
npx @ifx/react-plugin-wds-pegasus-template 
```

### Installation of dependencies

**After the successful installation and invocation of the Template, run the following command in the terminal to install the required dependencies**

```bash
npm install
```

Commit message:

updated readme to include additional steps for cloning the template

README.md, after:

# DevGate React Template


## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) > v16 .
- [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/) > v1.22.10, or [Npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) > v8.

### Installation of React

```bash
npx --yes create-react-app@latest my-app 
```

### Cloning of the React template repository

**1. Paste this command in the terminal of your IDE**

```bash
git clone https://gitlab.intra.infineon.com/ifx/devgate/devgate-dev/react-template.git
```

**2. Open the cloned template, and run the following command**

```bash
npm install
```

### Installation of the React template 

**1. Open your React application**

**2. Open terminal, and run the following command**

```bash
npm install <template-path>
```
**Note** 
The template path would look something like this: 

```bash
C:\Users\Name\Desktop\folder\react_template\react-template
```

### Invocation of the React template 

**After the Template has been installed, run the following command in the terminal to invoke the template**

```bash
npx @ifx/react-plugin-wds-pegasus-template 
```

### Installation of dependencies

**After the successful installation and invocation of the Template, run the following command in the terminal to install the required dependencies**

```bash
npm install
```
